                                  Full Stack Developer/Tester

Name: Shubham Venkatesh Sarwade 
Email:   ssarwade67@gmail.com  
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/shubham-sarwade-b0402b25a/    
GitHub: https://github.com/ShubhamSarwade67                                                     
Mobile: +91 8668280724/9359008015 	 	 	   
                 


SUMMARY  
Technologically savvy Full stack developer supporting work of databases, servers, system engineering, and clients. Passionate team player and programmer-driven to learn and master new technologies and propose innovative ideas for back-end and front-end applications. Understands website functionality and coding for multiple platforms and meticulously creates fully functional code. 
 

Technical Profile
	SQL
	HTML 
	JavaScript 
	Java
	CSS 
	React
	Angular
	GitHub
	Selenium
	Postman
	Microsoft Word
	Microsoft Excel
	JIRA
	Microsoft SQL Server


Competencies	
	Web development projects
	Agile Workflow
	Software best practices
	Flexible and Adaptable
	Teamwork and Collaboration
	Problem-Solving
	Self-Motivated



	
EDUCATION  

2017 – 2020    Master of Technology: Digital Communication
                      MBE Society’s College of Engineering Ambajogai.
                        GPA: 8.05
2014 – 2017    Bachelor of Engineering: Electronics and Telecommunications
                      MBE Society’s College of Engineering Ambajogai.
                        GPA: 7.04
2011 – 2013    HSC: Science
                        Mahatma Basweshwar Science College, Latur.
                        Percentage: 76.5
2010 – 2011    SSC: Secondary Education
                      Jankalyan Niwasi Vidyalaya Harangul Bk.
                        Percentage: 89.45


Work Profile  

2023 - 01 – Current   Full Stack Developer Intern
                           Elliot Systems, Pune
                           
	Assisted with creating cross-platform UI web components and building a responsive application using front-end frameworks.
	Learned new emerging technologies and took initiative to offer technical direction and creative solutions.
	Used software tools in cooperation with continuous integration and test automation and supported software reuse and refactoring.
	Cultivated good working relationships with clients, strategic partners, and internal teams and explained technical concepts clearly to internal and external audiences.


Languages 

English, Hindi, and Marathi


Certifications

2022 – 01    Software Testing
	Software Testing Training Completed.
	Good knowledge in test case designing using various test case designing techniques and writing test cases. 
	Knowledge of designing test cases, and executing test cases. 
	Knowledge of bug tracking process using bug tracking tool JIRA. 
	Knowledge of Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) and STLC.
	 Knowledge of defect life cycle. 
	Basic knowledge of API testing. 
	Basic Knowledge of SQL. 
	Knowledge of Automation Testing with the help of Selenium Webdriver through core JAVA. 
	Knowledge of Basic JAVA, and OOPS. 
	Good communication, and collaboration with proficiency at grasping new technical concepts quickly and utilizing the same in a productive m
